the computer hacker group Anonymous is
claiming tonight that it took down the
website of the federal appeals court in
San Francisco this afternoon they took
down senate.gov
servers they've taken down HBGary Sony's
claiming they did one hundred and fifty
million dollars worth of damage so many
confidential files that tonight because
of these hackers can be in the hands of
anyone Visa MasterCard the PayPal
situation the criminals who hacked into
Sarah Palin's private email
the Church of Scientology says Anonymous
is a cyber terrorist group of religious
bigots Anonymous and this other group
called LulzSec they seem to be wanting
to prove a point
[Music]
anonymous kind of was like the big
strong buff kid who had low self-esteem
and then all of a sudden punched
somebody in the face and was like holy
shit I'm really strong
[Music]
anonymous calls itself the final boss of
the internet and sometimes it proves to
be really fucking true
you are going to violate the freedoms of
the internet you certainly better watch
the fuck out they are
there's a real rough edge to that which
I think also is one reason why they
garner so much love and hate people -
they represent a certain sort of chaotic
freedom the hacker Efes has a passion
for truth it wants what's real to be out
there and it uses kind of a flow Caidic
definition in reality reality is that
which when you stop believing it it
refuses to go away we stand for freedom
we stand for freedom of speech the power
of the people the ability for them to
protest against the government to right
wrongs no censorship especially online
but also in real life we have members
throughout society and all stratas of it
worldwide yet we have no leadership it's
a one voice it's not individual voices
that's why we don't show our faces
that's why we don't give our names we're
speaking as one and it's a collective
good timing
so the Afghan shows up at 6:00 in the
morning and they drag me out into the
cold and there's guns and a little LED
flashlight and the vests it was really
obnoxious you so much as sneeze on
someone's tablet and the government's
not happy about it then you're happy
there's people that are better dying for
a flag and they're being like maybe it's
time for a new law if I get the chance
to do that and so vehicle and if 14
other people that are with me get a
chance to do it and so be it you want to
see anonymous rise up try to shut down
the message try to try to squash the
message try to chiller speech then
you'll see what anonymous can do right
now you could argue that the most
powerful people on earth are a bunch of
nameless faceless 17 to 35 year olds
it's like the hacker ruling class right
it's my community if my culture identify
with or not whether they had a tiny tiny
part where they had am a substitute part
in the Arab Spring or toppling to
individual young nameless faceless folks
are having geopolitical impact it's
exhilarating to realize that and
terrifying
excited a pendulum help at power do not
forget that gun
you